大哥怎么进去那么久还不出来
难道
他真的被里面那个小妖精给缠住了
小妹你怎么能这么说大哥呢
Why did the big brother go in for so long and still not come out?
Could it be that
He was really entangled by the goblin inside
Little sister, how can you say that, big brother?
Come on man I don't know yet
I just can't control my lower body
I guess.
Big brother must be in it, I don't know how chic it is
What's up?
Hey little sister
Didn't you always dislike your sister-in-law before?
Why did you suddenly speak for him today?
I see his origin is unknown.
I'm afraid he will be bad for my big brother
And my father is awake
The engagement ceremony has been confirmed
Then what am I blocking?
atmosphere
But aren't you worried that something will happen to your big brother?
He deserves it.
You guys don't have a good thing
It's not that you scold big brother, you scold big brother
Why did you take me with you?
You are not a good thing either
The sum of one hill
Humph me